# 2022 Minecraft Programming Team Management Group Award


## X_huihui

- Essence News Awards will be set up at most in 2022

- MPT-Code-Rhythm-Games Technology Award

- Participation Award for Difficult Plug-in


## WindLeaf

- Essence News Awards will be set up at most in 2022

- MPT-Code-MC Technology Award

- High difficulty plug-in leading award


## NameFlying

- Essence News Awards will be set up at most in 2022

- 2022 Group Dissolution Award


## PaltryLicense14

- Little-Pig QQ Robot

- MPT-Code Technology Award

- High difficulty plug-in leading award


## 徽章

- Essence News Awards will be set up at most in 2022

- R.I.P. Award in 2022


## POA

- 2022 Minimum Message Award

- R.I.P. Award in 2022


## YouM

- MPT-MC Technology Award in 2022


## 一只大牛比

- Best seller award in 2022


## M.A.Y

- Launch women's clothing crowdfunding award

- Award for the most fish in this group

- Worst branch award of this group

- Group owner related account

- The most astringent award of this group

- Real name online prize of this group

- First appearance award of this group

- MPT-MC Technology Award

- Non-management special award



# Award speech

## X_ huihui

On July 10, 2022, it took me two days to create the first version of the MPT web page.

At that time, I didn't think about the video broadcast. I just released the video with a try mentality.

Half a year later, MPT is still active, which has far exceeded my expectations.

Thank you for accompanying MPT through the first half year.

I hope that in 2023, MPT can enter the vision of more people.

May 2023, [X_huihui](https://github.com/xiaohuihui1022)、[NameFlying](https://github.com/NiuFuyu855)、[PaltryLicense](https://github.com/Gingmzmzx) The middle school entrance examination is smooth and your studies are successful!

## A big Niubi (compressed bookseller)

The persistence and efforts along the way have given me the courage to stand here and accept the award. 

Thanks to myself and mpt, I will continue to work hard to grow in the future.

## M.A.Y.

Thank you, everyone of mpt, for letting me feel the unprecedented air wall in this year.

You don't bird me, I don't bird you. I will spend the new year with you all the time, you guys

## YouM

Thank you, everyone of mpt, Although I love to showboating, you haven't prevent me. Thank you. I will continue to showboating for you in MPT
